Why do I go out
You are blocked at the door and bullied, Brother Nan
Brother Nan, how are you after all these years?
This little fiancee looks hard to deal with
Comrade Golden Hearts
Long time no see.
Au Zun's visit
Can you do it?
Brother Nan Nan, this is not the place to talk
May I come in?
If you have anything to say, just say it here.
The house is too sloppy
Not suitable for receiving reserved colleagues
Nan Ge
I'm here on behalf of Uncle Rong and your work unit
I'm a little thirsty
Since the guests have come from afar
As long as he doesn't dislike our broken place
Just invite him in and do it
This little special
want to set information
Still want to have fun
If you don't mind
Just come in.
Soaked longan red date chrysanthemum tea
Yeah, don't you like to drink this?
I cooked some dumplings this afternoon
Some brown sugar left
I cooked some for you by the way
Well, I like to replenish qi and blood
Drink more
Brother Nan, I have some words that are inconvenient for others to hear
Rather than anyone else
She's my wife.
And it's the object on my account book
But he's really not fit to listen to our conversation
You know the confidentiality policy